Project Review

Name: Zach Anders

Dependencies:
	golang
	git
	libglew-dev (Required by Go-GL)
    freeglut3-dev
    libode (see below)

Build Instructions:
	1. Make sure you have the dependencies installed:
			$ sudo apt-get install golang git libglew-dev freeglut3-dev

       Note: Unfortunately the verion of the Open-Dynamics-Engine that is in
            Ubuntu's repositories by default is too old. When you run my makefile,
            it will attempt to grab, configure and build ODE from source. This may
            take a few minutes the first time it happens. Near the end it will request
            sudo priviledges to finish 'make install'

	2. Now you should be able to build the application:
			$ make

	3. If it was successful, you should see "BUILD COMPLETE" at the end of your output
	4. You should see a './project' binary in your current directory. You can
		either run it directly or with 'make run'

Running Instructions:
	1. Build and run ./project
	2. Controls:
			W : Move Forward
			S : Move Backward
			A : Strafe Left
			D : Strafe Right
			Q : Move Light left
			E : Move light right
			R : Reset player location
			B : Spawn new crate/box
            G : Grab / Throw crate

			Arrow keys : Rotate camera manually
			Escape : Exit the program

What Remains:

 - Unfortunately I have not yet integrated an OBJ loader. I started writing one (unfortunately there do not appear to be any already written in Go), but it is not quite done yet. This is the primary reason I do not have any interesting objects yet. I am already working on some Blender designs, so those should be simple to integrate into the final project. They will probably be some additional objects you can interact with.
 - Terrain. This is behind the obj loader, but the generic flat terrain I have is starting to get bothersome. I was planning to to load a triangle mesh for terrain, but I may just have to revert to a heightfield.
 - Refine controls. Walking/movement and grabbing is a bit awkward right now. It would be nice to refine those.
